# Data Structures and Technical Interviews

>[Technical Interviews Introduction Video](https://www.loom.com/share/7f01da1a7dd440ff92ba5ece1520f7e8)

During the workshops you have been honing your skills to compile exceptional portfolios, script behavioral interview questions using the STAR method, and practicing how to ace interview questions. As software engineers there is one final component that we need to prepare for: <span style = "color: #21B581">**the technical interview.**</span>

While portfolios are great for showcasing work you have created and behavioral interviews help managers gain insight to how you work on teams, software engineering interviews often incorporate a technical interview as part of the interview process. ⭐️ <span style = "color: #21B581">**The technical interview is unlike any other job interview: it's a specialized, rigorous process that tests your coding skills, problem-solving abilities, and personality.**</span> Luckily, you have been honing these skills throughout your time in this program!

Oftentimes, technical interviews like to dig deep into computer science topics that programmers may not interact with every day, but do showcase their overall knowledge of programming languages and computer science. Three topics that often show up in technical interviews are:
- Stacks and Queues
- Linked Lists
- Binary Search Trees

Over the next 3 weeks, we will be learning this content asynchronously. Then, during your workshop time, you will have time to practice technical interview questions with a partner. These interviews will involve you receiving a technical interview prompt and then walking your interviewer through how you would approach this problem programmatically, live coding a solution, and then testing your solution using examples and edge cases you defined. Let's dive in and start learning!