# Project Checklist

**TASK**: Use the two checklists below to guide your work. The checklists below cover two key parts of the project
- The first checklist lists all the different design and group collaboration norms that your group should achieve while working on this project
- The second checklist outlines all the required specification for the code that you create. This is pulled directly from the **Intro to Project** section. Bonus content is not included, but your group should strive to attempt some (or all!) of these bonus options.

**A project that meets expectations should be able to check off all of the items below.**

## Project Design and Group Collaboration Checklist

1. Below is a checklist of different design and group collaboration requirements. A fully done project should have everything listed below
    - Wireframes submitted to coach for mock up design for your application
    - GitHub Project Board created with clear technical delegation of work between all team members
    - GitHub Project Board clearly documents each task with group members sharing equally in project tasks.
    - Tests have been written for each project component.
    - Project has commits from all members of the team
    - Presentation shared among all members of the team

## Project Code Checklist

2. Below is a checklist of different project code requirements. Check off all components that your final application contains.
    - **Front End**: CSS Transitions and/or CSS Animations are incorporated in the final product.
    - **Front End**: Styling with SASS incorporated throughout the final application.
    - **Front End**: Application built with the framework (Angular, Vue, Next.js, etc) that you learned during Week 5.
    - **Front End**: If possible with your selected framework, Redux is utilized.
    - **Back End** (optional): Free API, back end server, or cloud service provider used for the back end.
    - **Deployment**: Application deployed using the cloud deployment provider (Render, Netlify, Railway, etc.) of your choice.