# Introduction to Front End Elective

>[Intro to Front End Elective Video](https://www.loom.com/share/a34562c5a3684e6a9b3b36cb55a10de8)

Let’s take a ‘Deep Dive’ into my personal favorite part of the stack - the Front End!

Over my years as an engineer, I’ve grown a unique passion for the Front End because it’s the piece that our users will actually touch. We could have the most beautifully indexed database, perfectly organized routes and controllers, load balancers ensuring we can handle any amounts of traffic, security and authentication blocking unwanted bad actors. But all of that means nothing without the Front End.

Without an interface for our users to actually interact with, all of that work in the Back End is.. well.. meaningless!

Furthermore, we could spend a minimal amount of time and throw up some bare-bones HTML with no styling, and while our web apps technically would work, nobody would want to actually use them.. Our job as a Front End engineer is to design experiences and interfaces that will bring joy to our users. We should be creating seamless and easy-to-use interfaces that make our users want to come back to our product.

Think about all of the websites and apps that you use every day. The ones that you love the most are probably intuitive and easy-to-use, they include small animations that make you happy any time you see them, even that little pop of color you see as you hit the “Like” button is SO satisfying to use that you subconsciously want to like things more just to see it happen again! All of this is the beauty of the Front End.

We’ve already learned how to make responsive pages, utilizes routers to nest multiple pages inside a single application, manage a little bit of state at a global level, and even add accessibility to make sure EVERYONE can use our apps. But now it’s time to take it to the next level and learn the last few critical pieces to unlock your abilities as a Front End Engineer to build truly anything in a web app…

During this module we’re going to learn about:
- Using CSS animations to add ‘surprise and delight’ to your web apps
- How to use tools like SASS or Tailwind to level up your CSS game and make styling pages easy and efficient
- Utilize Redux to manage complex levels of application state and keep data in the Front End in sync with a Back End
- Other Front End tools and libraries to be aware of

During the second half of this module, you’ll put your Front End skills to practice and build a Front End Application which will include some complex state management, animations throughout to brighten your users’ day, and new CSS tools to make styling easier and fun.

Well, let’s not waste any time, let’s get started, right now!