# Exercise: Binary Search Tree

A Binary Search Tree is pretty simple in nature, there’s really only 3 things of which a tree needs to keep track:
- The root node’s `value`
- The `left` node
- The `right` node. 

Since each node is its own tree, each of those nodes stores its own `value`, `left` and `right`. And each of those `left` and `right` nodes store their own `value`, `left` and `right`, and so on.

**Practice Test Driven Development**: Write your code in `index.js` file and follow the tests! For this exercise, assume all values in the tree will always be integers.

## 📝

### 1. Initialize a `BinarySearchTree` with a value, left and right
- `BinarySearchTree` should take a `value` as an argument to the constructor, and store it in a property called `value`.
- When we create a new instance of `BinarySearchTree` the tree should implicitly have a `left` and `right` property (both set to null).  Remember a BST really only has 3 properties: `value`, `left` and `right`. The only thing we really care about when initializing a new BST is the `value`, so `left` and `right` will always default to null.
- Run the TESTS. This should PASS test 1

Having trouble? Reference the [JavaScript Class documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes) for passing values to a Class and storing them

### 2. `insert` should take value and insert the value into the tree while maintaining a correct numerical order.

- Create a method called `insert` which takes a value
- `insert` should be responsible for checking if the new value to add is less than or greater than the current value (`this.value` as from the previous step).
- We learned that all nodes are themselves BSTs, so when we ultimately insert the new value to the `left` or `right`, we’ll be using that value to initialize a new BinarySearchTree with that value. Keeping this in mind…
    - If the new value is less than the current node’s value, we’ll need a bit of recursion to call `insert` on the `left` node.
    - If the new value is greater than the current node’s value, let’s recurse some more (recurse is a word, right?) and call `insert` on the `right` node.
    - What if there isn’t a `left` (or `right`) node and this new value is less than (or greater than) the current value?!? That would be the [base case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recursion_(computer_science)#Base_case) and now it’s time to set `left` (or `right`) as a new `BinarySearchTree`!
- Run the TESTS. This should PASS all the tests