# SASS and SCSS

At this point in your career, you've probably written hundreds (if not thousands) of lines of CSS, and you may have noticed some pain-points and limitations in CSS. CSS is amazing, but unfortunately it's also sometimes inadequate. That's where a tool like SASS (**S**yntactically **A**wesome **S**tyle**s**heets) comes in. The creators of SASS set out to fill in all the gaps left behind by CSS and build a tool to make developers' lives easier.

SCSS (Sassy CSS) is a new-and-improved version of SASS. SASS is an entirely new language with new syntax; it relies on indentation and whitespace to create stylesheets. SCSS is still the same old CSS with all of the benefits and features of SASS baked in. For our purposes you can consider the two terms (SASS and SCSS) interchangeable.

⭐ <span style = "color: #21B581">**SASS is the most mature, stable, and powerful professional grade CSS extension language in the world. It's easy to learn (if you know CSS you already have a head-start) and easy to use!**</span>

### What We Will Learn
- What is SASS?
- SASS vs SCSS
- Nesting
- Variables

>[Introduction to SASS and SCSS Video](https://www.loom.com/share/83e34dd786ee4dbf8f2d77841b2f2ff3)

## Try It Out 💻

> We'll be writing code in `src/main.scss` and the button is already being rendered in `src/App.js`.

1. We're already rendering the button with the classnames `.btn` and `.btn-primary`. Let's add the `.btn-primary` styles!
2. Inside of `src/main.scss`, nested inside of `.btn {}`, use the `&` parent selector to add `-primary` and then add a `background-color` of `blue` and a `color` of `white`.
    <details>

    ```scss
    .btn {
        /* other styles here */

        &-primary {
            background-color: blue;
            color: white;
        }
    }
    ```

    </details>
3. Add a hover state to the button! Using the same parent selector, add a `&:hover` with a single property of `transform: scale(1.1);`. Now anytime we hover over the button it will increase its size by 10%!
    <details>

    ```scss
    .btn {
        /* other styles here */

        &:hover {
            transform: scale(1.1);
        }
    }
    ```

    </details>

4. There's already a section marked as `VARIABLES` where other SCSS variables are placed. Add a few for the styles we're referencing! Feel free to make a variable for any of the values we've used, and then reference those variables with the variable name.
    <details>

    ```scss
    /* === variables === */
    $transition: transform 0.3s ease;
    $scale: scale(1.1);
    $primary-color: blue;

    .btn {
    /* other styles here */

    transition: $transition;
    
    &-primary {
        background-color: $primary-color;
        color: $white;
    }

    &:hover {
        transform: $scale;
    }
    }
    ```

    </details>

## #checkoutTheDocs 🔍
- [SASS and SCSS Documentation](https://sass-lang.com/documentation/)
- **SASS**: [Nesting and & Parent Selector](https://sass-lang.com/documentation/style-rules/parent-selector)
- **SASS**: [Variables](https://sass-lang.com/documentation/variables)

## Knowledge Check ✅
1. Which of the follow are benefits of SASS?
    - **CSS can be easily converted to SASS**
    - **It's easy to learn and easy to use**
    - **You can define variables that are usable throughout an entire project**

2. Place the following lines of SCSS in the correct order such that an element with the class of toggle will be hidden, and an element with the class of toggle-open will be visible.
```css
.toggle {
    display: none;
    &-open { 
        display: block;
    }
}
```

3. Which of the following is the correct way to define a variable in SASS/SCSS?
    - `@success-color: #6da34d;`
    - `%success-color: #6da34d;`
    - `#success-color: #6da34d;`
    - **`$success-color: #6da34d;`**