# Tailwind CSS

At some point every web developer will have stylesheets that include a dozen+ related class names, for example having a card for an author bio on a blog with classes like this: `author-bio`, `author-bio__image`, `author-bio__content`, `author-bio__name`, and `author-bio__body`. While a tool like SASS makes it easy to build complex stylesheets like that, it's still tedious and repetitive.

What happens when you want to re-use the same `author-bio` styles to create an Article Preview? Do we confuse our future selves and teammates by using the class name `author-bio` on the article preview? Do we duplicate the same styles into a new section of classes for `article-preview`? Do we rename all of the author-bio class names to be media-card instead?

Problems like this are solved by using utility classes, which allow you to build complex components from a constrained set of primitive utilities. With Tailwind (and other libraries), you style elements by applying pre-existing classes directly in your HTML.

⭐ <span style = "color: #21B581">**Tailwind CSS is a utility-first CSS framework packed with classes like flex, pt-4, text-center and rotate-90 that can be composed to build any design, directly in your markup.**</span>

### What We Will Learn
- Intro to Tailwind
- Utility classes
- Responsiveness using utility variants
- Interactive state modifiers

>[Tailwind CSS](https://www.loom.com/share/3970a5c42bc342afadde567267a3be47)

## Try It Out 💻

**Remember: We should only be adding class names to the button, not adding anything to the style.css file.**

1. Start by making the button stand out from the rest of the page by adding:
    - A lighter background color (search the docs for background color)
    - A darker text color (search for text color) 
    - A border radius (search for border radius)
    <details>

    ```html
    <button class="bg-white text-black rounded-lg">
        Sign me up!
    </button>
    ```

    </details>

2. Add some padding to make the button not feel so squished. A good starting point is to have the vertical padding be half that of the horizontal padding (search the docs for `padding`).

    <details>

    ```html
    <button class="bg-white text-black rounded-lg py-6 px-3">
        Sign me up!
    </button>
    ```

    </details>

3. Add some interactivity to bring a little delight to our users! When the button is hovered, change the background color to be dark and the text color to be light by adding hover. You can start simple by just swapping the colors. Add a transition duration as well.
    <details>

    ```html
    <button class="bg-white text-black rounded-lg py-6 px-3 hover:bg-black hover:text-white duration-300">
        Sign me up!
    </button>
    ```

    <details>

4. On larger screens, make the text a larger size. Target multiple breakpoints.

    <details>

    ```html
    <button class="bg-white text-black rounded-lg px-6 py-3 hover:bg-black hover:text-white duration-300 sm:text-lg md:text-2xl md:px-8 md:py-4">
        Sign me up!
    </button>
    ```

    <details>

## #checkoutTheDocs 🔍
- **Tailwind**: [Getting Started](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation)
- **Tailwind**: [Responsive Design](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/responsive-design)
- **Tailwind**: [Hover and Focus](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/hover-focus-and-other-states)

## Knowledge Check ✅

> Use the Tailwind documentation to help answer these questions

1. Enter the utility class used to add `width: 100`%

2. Enter the utility class used to add `position: absolute`

3. Enter the utility class used to make text uppercase (`text-transform: uppercase`)

4. Enter the utility class used to add `20px` (or `1.25rem`) of horizontal margin

5. Enter the utility class used to add `justify-content: space-between`