# `react-redux`

We've created redux and connected it to React. But, we are calling `useEffect`, and then `subscribe` within that. We're 2 callbacks deep before we can even start doing anything with the state. Then we still have to call `store.getState` within the 2nd-level-deep callback! This seems almost worse than prop-drilling.

Why can't we just invoke a function and get our state at any given time? Enter `react-redux`.

⭐ <span style = "color: #21B581">**`react-redux` allows components to read data from the Redux Store, and dispatch Actions to the Store to update data. All without having to `subscribe` within a `useEffect`.**</span>

### What We Will Learn
- Why not just Redux?
- Redux Toolkit
- Essential Pieces

>[React Redux Introduction Video](https://www.loom.com/share/3dccf3dff08f4ae6bf4126b2f7d6978b)

## #checkoutTheDocs 🔍
- **React Redux**: [Introduction](https://react-redux.js.org/introduction/why-use-react-redux)

## Knowledge Check ✅

1. `react-redux` is:
    - A replacement for Redux
    - **The connection between react and redux**
    - An alternative to Redux
    - An alternative to React

2. The essential pieces we'll be building with react-redux are
    - React, Redux, Redux Toolkit, react-redux
    - **Store, Provider, Slice, Hooks**
    - Slices, Hooks

3. Can `react-redux` be used without Redux Toolkit?
    - **Yes**
    - No

4. What are the benefits of Redux Toolkit? (select all that apply)
    - **Recommended by React-Redux**
    - **Auto-generated Action Creators**
    - **Integrates well with react-redux**
    - **Reducers are easily combined**
    - **Simplicity - Less boilerplate code to write**