# Redux Store and Provider

When you get a new credit card in the mail, it can be pretty exciting, but at first, you can't use it. Why? You need to "activate" it! Luckily, a simple call to the automated system or logging in online will do that for you, and from then on, you can use the card.

**You can think of the redux store as the card above:**
1. You have to apply for it and get approved (configure the store)
2. You need to activate the card to get access to it in your components (via the `<Provider>` component)

⭐ **To initialize our store, we will use Redux Toolkit's `configureStore` function. To give our React application store access, we use the `<Provider>` component.**

### What We Will Learn
- Essential Pieces
- Installation
- Store Setup - Redux Toolkit
- Provider - react-redux

>[Redux Store and Provider Video](https://www.loom.com/share/4fa8b0f64ec64fd3b12fe4cd0e2828c4)

## Try It Out 💻

> The `src/store/index.js` and `src/index.js` will be converted to use `@reduxjs/toolkit` and `react-redux`.

1. In `src/store/index.js`, import `configureStore` from `@reduxjs/toolkit`.
    <details>

    ```jsx
    // src/store/index.js
    import { configureStore } from '@reduxjs/toolkit';
    ```

    </details>
2. Next, call the imported function and pass in an object with just one `reducer` property, an empty object.
    <details>

    ```jsx
    // src/store/index.js
    import { configureStore } from '@reduxjs/toolkit';
    export const store = configureStore({
        reducer: {},
    });
    ```

    </details>

3. In `src/index.js`, import the `Provider` component from `react-redux`.
    <details>

    ```jsx
    // src/index.js
    import { Provider } from 'react-redux';
    ```

    </details>

4. Import the `store` from in the previous step.
    <details>

    ```jsx
    // src/index.js
    import { Provider } from 'react-redux';
    import { store } from './store';
    ```

    </details>

5. Wrap our entire `<App/>` in the `<Provider>`, passing in the store we imported above.
    <details>

    ```jsx
    root.render(
        <Provider store={store}>
            <App />
        </Provider>
    );
    ```

    </details>

6. You won't be able to see any product of our state. For now, just rest in the satisfaction that you have created the beginnings of your redux store. In the next lesson, we'll learn how to pull the store state into our component and render it in our JSX, as well as how to dispatch actions created by our action creators!

## #checkoutTheDocs 🔍
- **React Redux**: [Quick Start](https://react-redux.js.org/tutorials/quick-start)

## Knowledge Check ✅

1. Which do we use to create our store?
    - **Redux Toolkit**
    - react-redux

2. What does the Provider do?
    - **Gives our React app access to the Redux store state**
    - Creates the Redux store
    - Calls a `subscribe` function inside the `useEffect`