# Exercise: Arborist

**GOAL**: Convert two main pieces of state in the application to be managed by redux, using `@reduxjs/toolkit` and `react-redux`.

### Getting Started
1. [Fork the arborist repo](https://github.com/MultiverseLearningProducts/arborist)
2. Clone **your fork** (not the original repo)
    - `cd` into the directory
    - `npm i`
    - `npm start`
3. Visit the provided local host port.
4. To "log in" as a user, all you need to do is enter any text as the username and any text as the email.

## ðŸ“

There are two main pieces of state in the application: 
- items (array of tree objects)
- user (you get the idea)

> In `ItemAdd` and `ItemEdit`, there is an `item` piece of state that should stay local to the component. Don't convert it to Redux.

Currently, these two pieces of state are stored at the App level and being passed down as props through all the components they are used in. The problem is, there's a bit of prop drilling here.

So that's what we'll be doing in this exercise! We won't be providing detailed assistance, but previous exercises can be used as a guide on implementation. We recommend that you completely convert one piece of state (user is smaller, so that's likely easier) before moving to the next.

### Initial Redux Setup

1. Use this checklist to track your progress on Initial Redux Setup.
    - Install Redux Toolkit and react-redux.
    - Create the Redux store with Redux Toolkit
    - Provide the store to the App
    - Create a slice (one for `user` and one for `items`)
    - Add slice reducers to the store (one for `user` and one for `items`)

### Replacing local state with Redux store state

2. Use this checklist to track your progress on Replacing Local State with Redux
    - Display store state in the app instead of the local state
    - Define a reducer
    - Hook up the action creators to the form
    - Replace any and all areas where the local state is used

3. Paste the link to your completed GitHub repository below.