# React with Redux

Isn't Redux supposed to help us with our React state management? Redux ***CAN*** be used on its own. As we've said, it's framework agnostic. It can be used with others besides React, and it's important to see that it can even be used in isolation. However, our primary use case will be to manage our React application's global state. 

Soon, we'll be using a package called [react-redux](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-redux), which gives us the bindings for Redux to be used in a more streamlined way, but before we get there, it's important to see it being used in a more explicit way:
- We'll build our Redux store in isolation
- Then in a useEffect, we'll set up a listener for Redux store state changes
- We will then update our React state anytime the applicable Redux store state changes.

⭐ <span style = "color: #21B581">**React and Redux can be used separately, but we will be using them together moving forward.**</span>

### What We Will Learn
- Review
    - Why not just React? 
    - Why Redux? 
- React with Redux 
- Example

>[React with Redux Video](https://www.loom.com/share/f8da8a1c4f4e43759cf04b1614a63629)

## Try It Out 💻

> A Redux store is already wired up in `/src/store.js`, and it's being imported at the top of `/src/App.js`. Your job will be to `subscribe` and `dispatch`!

1. First, we'll need to get access to the store state within our App. To get started, Call a `useEffect`, and call `store.subscribe` within the `useEffect`:
    <details>

    ```jsx
    useEffect(() => {
        store.subscribe(() => {
            // more soon!
        });
    });
    ```

    </details>

2. Next, we'll need to tell our app what to do anytime the store's state updates. We'll call `store.getState` and pass its result to `setMyNumber` to update the component's local state.
    <details>

    ```jsx
    const storeState = store.getState();
    setMyNumber(storeState.number);
    ```

    </details>

3. We've subscribed, but the app still doesn't do anything. That's because we haven't `dispatch`ed any actions yet. To the first button, in the an `onClick` property's handler, call `store.dispatch`, passing in the return from the add(1) action creator.
    <details>

    ```jsx
    <button onClick={() => {
        store.dispatch(add(1));
    }}>Add 1</button>
    ```

    Do the same with the second button, but on that button, use the subtract action creator.
    </details>
4. Your app should now function! Anytime the `Add 1` button is clicked, your number should increment, and vice-versa!

## #checkoutTheDocs 🔍
- **Redux**: [store.dispatch](https://redux.js.org/api/store#dispatchaction)
- **Redux**: [store.subscribe](https://redux.js.org/api/store#subscribelistener)
- **React**: [useEffect](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-effect.html)

## Knowledge Check ✅

1. Which method do we use to listen for changes to the Redux store?
    - `store.dispatch`
    - **`store.subscribe`**
    - `store.listen`
    - `store.update`

2. Which React hook helps with subscribing to the Redux store?
    - `useState`
    - `useReducer`
    - **`useEffect`**
    - `useContext`