# Exercise: React with Redux

**GOAL**: In this exercise, connect the given action creators and reducer to the already-running React app.

> All code will be written in `src/App.js`

## ðŸ“

> There are no automated tests. Making it work in the UI is our end goal!

1. Call `useEffect`, which has been imported at the top of the file
2. Inside the callback, call [`store.subscribe`](https://redux.js.org/api/store#subscribelistener), which Redux will invoke for us every time the store state updates. Like `useEffect`, this method takes a callback.
3. Inside the `subscribe` callback, get the current state of the store by calling [`store.getState`](https://redux.js.org/api/store#getstate) and saving the return value in a variable (`storeState` would be a good name).
4. Finally, to update the local state, call `setBalanceAmount`, passing in the `storeState.balance` from the `store.getState` call.
5. On the first button:
    - Add an `onClick` property
    - Pass a callback to the `onClick`
    - Within the callback, call the `deposit` action creator, and pass in 5.
    - Take the return value of the action creator, and pass it to [`store.dispatch`](https://redux.js.org/api/store#dispatchaction)
6. **TRY IT OUT**: Click the "Deposit $5" button, and the Current Balance should go up by 5!
7. See if you can attach the other handlers correctly. Make sure to call `deposit` and `withdraw` where appropriate!
8. **TRY IT OUT**: Click any button, and the balance should increase/decrease by the appropriate amount.

## Knowledge Check âœ…

1. Check this box when clicking the buttons deposits to and withdraws from the total on the page.
    - Clicking the buttons deposits to and withdraws from the total on the page, using the redux store.

### Solution

**`useState`**

<details>

```jsx
useEffect(() => {
    store.subscribe(() => {
        const storeState = store.getState();
        setBalanceAmount(storeState.balance);
    });
});
```

</details>


**`onClick` Handler**

<details>

```jsx
<button onClick={() => {
    store.dispatch(deposit(5));
}}>Deposit $5</button>
```

</details>